adding step for updating CI/CD scripts (#781)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/configure-cli.md

1. In your terminal, open your Astro project.
2. Copy the contents from `.astrocloud/config.yaml` into `.astro/config.yaml`.
3. Delete `.astrocloud/config.yaml` from your project.
    
### Step 5: Update CI/CD Scripts (_Optional_)
    

> If you have an existing CI/CD script referencing the old `brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud` and `astrocloud deploy` commands, update it to reflect the updated `brew install astronomer/tap/astro` and [astro deploy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-deploy) commands. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an existing CI/CD script using the old `astrocloud` executable, update it to use `astro`. For example:
```
